(mellow pop music)
(radio chattering)
♪ Somebody I never met ♪
♪ But in a way I know ♪
♪ Didn't think that you could get ♪
♪ So much from a picture show ♪
♪ Man dies first reel ♪
♪ People ask what's the deal ♪
♪ This ain't how it's supposed to be ♪
♪ Don't like no aborigine ♪
♪ Took a trip in Powis Square ♪
♪ Pop star dyed his hair ♪
♪ No fans to scream and shout ♪
♪ When mobsters came to flush him out ♪
♪ Gangland slaying underground ♪
♪ New identity must be found ♪
♪ On the left bank for a while ♪
♪ Insanity Bohemian style ♪
♪ Ritual ideas relativity ♪
♪ Only buildings no people prophecy ♪
♪ Time slide place to hide nudge reality ♪
♪ Foresight minds wide
magic imagery, oh oh ♪
♪ Met a dwarf that was no good ♪
♪ Dressed like little Red Riding Hood ♪
♪ Bad habit taking life ♪
♪ A calling card a six inch knife ♪
♪ Ran off really fast ♪
♪ Mumbled something 'bout the past ♪
♪ Best sex I've ever seen ♪
♪ As if each moment was the last ♪
♪ Drops of blood color slide ♪
♪ Funeral for his bride ♪
♪ But it's him who's really dead ♪
♪ Gets to take the funeral ride ♪
♪ Ritual ideas relativity ♪
♪ Only buildings no people prophecy ♪
♪ Time slide place to hide nudge reality ♪
♪ Foresight minds wide
magic imagery, oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪
(radio chattering)
♪ Space guy fell from the sky ♪
♪ Scratched my head and wondered why ♪
♪ Time slide into time ♪
♪ Across international dateline ♪
♪ Scientist eats bubblegum ♪
♪ Hall of fame baseball ♪
♪ Senators a hoodlum ♪
♪ Big chiefs in the hall ♪
♪ Ritual ideas relativity ♪
♪ Only buildings no people prophecy ♪
♪ Time slide place to hide nudge reality ♪
♪ Foresight minds wide
magic imagery, oh oh ♪
♪ Stray thoughts fear to tread ♪
♪ Placed upon the screen instead ♪
♪ She's my flame too hot to hold ♪
♪ Had to settle for her cold ♪
♪ Blood lust, Greek god, gold discovery ♪
♪ Gone bust, tight wad, slow recovery ♪
♪ Axe job, flame thrower,
iron bar and gun ♪
♪ Betting shop, new
owner, a walk in the sun ♪
♪ Ritual ideas relativity ♪
♪ Only buildings no people prophecy ♪
♪ Time slide place to hide nudge reality ♪
♪ Foresight minds wide
magic imagery, oh oh ♪
♪ Spread the news the Maestro's back ♪
♪ With a beat box soundtrack ♪
♪ The King of brains, queen of the sack ♪
♪ Executives have heart attack ♪
♪ It's assault course celluloid ♪
♪ The money makers would avoid ♪
♪ Sometimes notions get reversed ♪
♪ Center of the universe ♪
♪ Ritual ideas relativity ♪
♪ Only buildings no people prophecy ♪
♪ Time slide place to hide nudge reality ♪
♪ Foresight minds wide
magic imagery, oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh ♪